I'm super excited a little chilly but
all good we have quite the turnout we
have probably every major news outlet in
this city we have a clear and cold day
which is just what we like even though I
can't feel my feet as you know Boeing
787 it's the latest high-tech aircraft
as the first airline to bring the
Dreamliner to Vancouver as part of a
regular service you are truly showing
your commitment to the relationship
between BC and Japan and the growing
traffic that we're seeing daily the
plane is truly a game changer not since
the Golden Age of jet air travel in the
60s as the passenger experience changed
so dramatically big windows
with electronic adjustable tint
pressurization which promises a truly
much more comfortable air system
smoother ride and of course an increase
in the always coveted legroom and
overhead bin capacity await gels
Dreamliner passengers now once we're
actually in the aircraft you can see how
spacious this airplane truly is of
course it's not only the passengers who
will experience the benefits Airlines
will use about 20 percent less fuel
thanks to the incredible efficiency
offered by the 787's later airframe new
engines and modern aerodynamics and this
efficiency also means fewer emissions
and a smaller noise footprint at the
airport so on behalf of the YVR
community I offer my congratulations to
mr. Kobayashi Japan Airlines vice
president of Canada and wish the
passengers and crew flying to Tokyo
Narita Airport today a great flight
thank you don't worry I got the
you